feat(queue): allow to set a bot account for draft pull requests (#4029)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/queue.rst

     - The amount of time Mergify waits for pending checks to return before unqueueing pull requests.
       This cannot be less than 60 seconds.

   * - ``draft_bot_account``
     - string
     -
     - |premium plan tag|

>        Mergify can impersonate a GitHub user to create draft pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Mergify can impersonate a GitHub user to create draft pull requests.
```

>        If no ``draft_bot_account`` is set, Mergify will create the draft pull request
>        itself. The user account **must** have already been
>        logged in Mergify dashboard once and have **write** or **maintain** permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       If no ``draft_bot_account`` is set, Mergify creates the draft pull request
       itself. The user account **must** have already been
       logged in Mergify dashboard once and have **write** or **maintain** permission.
```

or admin permission?
